Info from Technical interview:

Pair programming is pushed heavily, ask if this is true;
Why Daugherty?

They seek to provide solutions and focus on being excellent tech solution providers.

Working at only big tech companies, I felt like I got somewhat stagnant in my career and the skills I developed as tech stack was getting outdated.
I've always been interested in consulting to give me the opportunity to broaden me tech stack knowledge and having a different project and product cycle
than that of a standard tech company. The culture here sounds like exactly what I was looking for in terms of collaboration, accountability for moving
up the ranks based on performance, and just the passion for the products being worked on individually and as a team.

I’m a bit of a self-improvement enthusiast, always looking to improve myself and my craft. A mindset that would definitely bring value to Today.
I’m happy and capable to navigate and familiarise myself with the unknown, stems from my curiosity and eagerness to learn.

I have found that communication is one of the most crucial elements of this role. There are typically many moving parts involved in complex projects,
 each contributing toward a certain portion of the goal. For everyone to be able to do their jobs efficiently and well, it is important that we are
 all on the same page. It is also important that the progress of the project is communicated to clients and other key stakeholders. Ultimately,
 communication is what makes a project flow smoothly.”

What was your most successful project?

building a next get omni channel digital marketing platform providing marketers a seamless automation experience to manage email,
mobile and social campaigns. My team worked on revamping the

“I always encourage my team to try to resolve conflicts on their own first. Letting my team work things out together helps
them build up their relationships and improves their communication. Sometimes it is necessary for me to intervene.

‘How would your colleagues describe your approach to work?’ or ‘How would your manager describe you at work?’

“If someone met you for the first time, what would they assume about you that would be wrong?”

What kind of work environment should I expect to be as productive as I can
Do you expect the main responsibilities for this position to change in the next six months to a year? If so, will I be trained thru a bootcamp or external service?
What are the biggest challenges that someone in this position would face?

Integrity
Boldness
Honesty
Trust
Accountability
Commitment to Customers
Passion
Fun
Humility
Continuous Learning
Ownership
Constant Improvement
Leadership
Diversity
Innovation
Quality
Teamwork
Simplicity

‘Why do you want to work here?’

‘Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years?’

‘What are you passionate about?’

‘What are your strengths?’

‘Tell me about yourself’

‘What can you bring to the company?’

‘What can you do that other candidates can’t?

‘Do you have any questions for us?’
